what'll I ask how Howard the humongous
all right we have a big question of
national and international importance in
front of our noses at this point should
people too old to be able to remember
who the hell they are be allowed to have
sex believe it or not this is an episode
that has been coming or a problem that
has been coming up in homes for the
elderly old folks homes around the
country and it's a far more serious
problem than you might imagine in a PBS
newshour report on this there was a
discussion of the fact that serious
colloquy meetings were held all up and
down the bureaucratic chain to decide on
whether to people in their 80s or 90s
with Alzheimer's who could not remember
where they were or who they were should
be allowed to be in bed together
fornicating the one thing that was
missing from all of this consultation
and reasoning was this nobody had asked
the two people in bed if they were there
voluntarily and if they thought it was a
good idea well I Got News for you joy in
life is extremely hard to come by how
many times a day or even sometimes a
week do you experience it very few times
indeed feeling that somebody else
actually wants you that somebody really
enjoys having you around is hard and
insects we tend to forget everything
else going on in our lives our budgets
our futures our student loans our job
prospects and for anywhere from 15
minutes to an hour and a half it's like
riding a motorcycle everything else
drifts away it's all joy at least a good
deal of it is and when you're in your
90s you worry about a lot less while
you're having sex than you do when
you're young do so this boils down to do
people who cannot remember their names
have a right to joy do they have a right
to pleasure do they have a right to feel
needed desired as if they are doing
something that makes somebody else happy
you fucking bet your bottom dollar they
do and anyone who tries to take it away
from them is a raving totalitarian
maniac
so take all those bureaucrats who filled
out all this paperwork on whether this
is morally defensible or not and who
never asks the two people holding hands
naked in a bed if they thought it was a
good idea never asked once and tell them
to stuff their paperwork tell them to
shove it where the Sun doesn't shine
they have no right to remove joy
you